>> Hello, everybody. Welcome back. >> All right, we can go and open up the forward questions, raise your hand, and we will do our usual. Burt. >> So in this lecture, the confidence intervals, right? What was the confidence intervals actually stating here? That what were we actually measuring as being within that range? I would understand if it was a median or an average or something like that. >> It's a confidence interval over the true positive rate. You'll have one confidence interval over the true positive rate, and then another confidence interval over the true negative rate. >> And would you want to -- I mean, because I saw in your test that you kept repeating, that they really weren't narrowing, right? >> Yeah, very good observation. So typically, the way to narrow it is to get more labeled traces. That's like the best way to narrow a confidence interval, so you add more labeled traces to your dev set and to your training set. And then I -- yeah, I think honestly, that's the way to narrow the confidence interval. >> Okay, all right. >> And if you can't narrow it enough for your use cases, then I suggest like splitting up the criteria into multiple criteria. Hopefully the LLM is better, I don't know, less variance across different traces. >> You mean less complex scenarios throughout? >> Yeah, let's go. >> Let's go. >> There you go. >> Exactly. >> A lot of people -- in the reason we're telling you that is a lot of people default to just putting every single problem in one LLM judge, and you don't want to do that. You want to like have an LLM judge roughly for one per axial code. >> Yeah, so it's scope for a problem. >> I've seen that before, right, with -- and then you're not quite sure ever what this thing is really saying. And so I'll see if I missed out on that part as to, well, maybe we need four judges here rather than one. >> Yes. And then the question comes up after that, like, hey, what do you do with these four judges? Do you like -- do you just look at four metrics? What do you have 20 judges? Do you look at 20 metrics? And the answer to that question is nuanced. Number one is you want to be parsimonious about these judges, like, don't go necessarily crazy on them. But you might end up with more judges. And so what you can do is you can group the judges into, like, themes, like, thematically, like, okay, what are they, kind of, like, trying to tell you to do? And you can have composite scores. So, like, what I do is, like, I'll have, like, does it pass all the judge? Like, you know, for each example, does it pass all? It's a harsh criteria, but it's still useful. I can interpret it, right? So, like, did everything go correctly in this trace that we care about? That's kind of the idea. And then, yeah. And then you can have the composite also in, like, the thematic groups, if you want. Don't over-engineer it. Like, please don't over-engineer that kind of stuff. You can get carried away with all this, like, composite metrics and all this crazy stuff. But that's how you can manage complexity. That makes sense, because the senior leadership always wants, well, what was the quality? Just tell me, was it 85% or not, right? Is that good enough to release or not? And so that's by kind of doing that grouping and being able to make logical conclusions out of that grouping. Is better than coming up with some score that's not really representative of what's happening. Now, when you do that, so, like, okay, leadership always wants to, like, give me a score thing. That is a little bit problematic with evals, because the score thing is, like, a moving target is changing. Like, the meaning of this thing is, like, not stable over time, okay? Because, like, you're going to be, like, retiring LM judges. The judge is going to mean something completely different. So, like, the score from, like, a month ago, and the score from today is not really the same. And so, what you're going to want to do is, like, in those situations, you're going to want to put, like, product metrics. You want to anchor on product metrics. Those tend to be more stable over time, but any of our product metrics are, like, churn, monthly active users, satisfaction scores, things like that. Um, evals is more, like, okay, what can you, you're trying to hill climb against to make your product better. So, it's, like, a, it's a moving challenge that, that has helping you be better . And hopefully, it's, like, aligned with product metrics. Um, you know, like, making your product better is increased, like, helping you drive towards some business outcome as well. So, just keep that in mind, because it is, it's, it's, it's tougher, sorry, I don't want to monopolize, but it's a little tougher when you haven't actually had anything released yet. Yes. Right. Yeah. So they want to know, is it good enough for production? Is this, is this safe for the real world? And that's what I'm struggling with. Oh, yeah. No, that's a great question. Uh, I don't think you're monopolized. I think everyone has the same question. Uh, or, and so. There's no such thing as like, there's no guarantees. All we can do is minimize risk when it comes to LMS. Um, and so it's kind of, you have to tell that narrative. Like, okay, like, these are the things that we looked into. This is what we're measuring. This is where it tends to fail. We minimize that, like, whatever. Um, and you have to have that conversation of like the trade, like, you have to always remember. Uh, perfection is has infinite cost. So, you know, you don't want to do that. Gotcha. All right. Thanks. I mean, yeah. Thanks. Uh, I had a question on what TPR and TNR, we should be targeting. And I see Ham ill and Shraya, you have replied in the, this card thread. Thanks for that. Um, maybe a follow up on that. So. What if the scores are not improving? What if it's stuck at, let's say, like 40 % for 40% or something. So I know you are. Uh, recommending to aim for like at least more than 75 TPR and 90% TPR. But if it's not improving, like, what do we do? Yeah. Yeah. So. Good. Number one strategy for first recommendation is to add more traces to the train set and deficit, because this might give your coding agent more examples of the failure mode. And think, Oh, okay, I can refine the prompt to be a little bit better. And, you know, if the prompt is better, then your TPR and TNR might improve. So I would try that. Keep doing that until, you know, promise stalls. Um, if you still cannot get a good TPR TNR, the next thing that I would do is split up that criteria is probably too vague or it's trying to do too much. So I would split that up into multiple different smaller criteria and then try to do an L and judge for each criteria. The hope is right because the scope for each criteria is narrower, it'll be easier for an L judge to do. So that's the second thing. If you want to try to shortcut both of those strategies, you could try using a better model. Um, if you just have the intuition that model capabilities is lacking and like maybe a better model would solve the problem, but in my experience, it typically does not like usually it's just a scope is not well defined or they 're not enough examples. Um, because these failure boats anyways are pretty well, pretty self explanatory often like you don't need like a favorable level intelligence to do many of these to detect many of these failure modes and you really shouldn't, especially if you want to run these in production on every choice. So, that are my three cents. Another thing I'll add to that is often when I see people struggling to have a good classifier L M judge, and it's like, they actually haven't defined what good looks like properly. Like, when we, if you go through some examples of where the judge is getting it wrong, and you're going to want to do it. You kind of want to do some error analysis on the judge, if you're having this problem, you're going to want to like, hey, where's the judge going wrong, what happened here. And if you find it like very confusing, this is like unclear whether this is like good or not. That's a smell that like, okay, you know, the judge has scope that's too large. Or we haven't like done like high quality enough open coding, or we haven't really like thought enough about what what is good and what is bad, and like where the line is. And so just keep that in mind. Got it. Cool. Thanks. I'm glad to mayor. Yes. Hello again. Regarding scoring. So I have a prompt that I wanted to create a L M judge for and the prompt is tidy. So I can just, it is I can just talk to a transcriber. And then I want to tidy that input that I provided so ideas like group the things that I described into topics, remove any verbose things or repetitive things and just really provide me the gist of what I just said. So I want to build a L M judge for that. And one thing that criteria that I described was one is the content, do I have the most important things present. Who is it grounded, like no hallucinations. And these things I categorized as gates so must have so yes or no and if it doesn't pass then this entire prom fails. But for other things such as formatting, for example, I wanted to use bullet points for some reason so other bullet points, other things are into categories . I wanted to, you know, sometimes. And there are several of those. So if most of them are present, then I wanted to pass if you know let's say none of them are present then I just wanted to fail. But in this case none of those categories necessarily by the by itself was passive fail. It's the combination and I also assigned some waiting for example, being concise is a little more important than having bullet points. Like, that's that's what important for me. So, and for that I wanted to say let 's say a threshold I say 0.8. So if, you know, over all of the judges if based on that waiting criteria at 0.8 I get a score then it passes otherwise it fails . I'm curious about your thoughts how would you decompose that where when some things are must have versus nice to have and some of them have weightings or preferences to have more or less. Look, I could try to take this and make sure my thoughts. So, okay, your decision making should be downstream of your emails. Okay, so like, leave your emails as post pass fail. What you do with those emails. Totally up to you. You can wait them. You can say some of them are not important. Some of them are important. Some of them are show stoppers. Some of them are just like, you know, annoying, but you still want to know them and you can wait them. You can create a score from them. You can do whatever you want to inform your decision making. It's totally fine. So, I think what you're doing is fine. Actually, it's reasonable. Like, you have your different emails. Now, if you're trying to do the school at all in one shot. Maybe you then maybe that's what you're asking. Like, if you're just like, okay , you're not doing that. So that's good. I'm glad you're not doing that. A lot of people would just one shot it. So it's like, it's like trying to like one shot like, hey, like compute the score for me based on all this stuff. I think you're doing it a good way. Okay. Cool. Thanks. Hi, great class. Great lecture as always. I'm wondering about sequencing of some of these things. I'm wondering if any of the judges. It's advisable to get stuff before traces and failures and who, but like when you got to the point where the version three was stopping improving with it's all right, and you said you'd split the criteria, maybe one judge per Christ maxim. And that the the pass fail rules and the prompts that you were stating there. I mean, it sounds like a content design like conversation design best practices style guy right. No, don't explain the platform, no unsolicited follow ups and so on. So I've been, I mean, for this product, I've been writing and tweaking exactly those rules, the rice rules and other conversation design best practices into a skill like into a dialogue review and conversation design skill. And that was long before the product had traces. So my question is just about direction in that in your process, you have the failure mode is coming out of the traces first and then Christ is what you're using that kind of split the judge. And I'm just wondering which you ever write a judge from a framework before you 've seen the failure in traces. And, and also if it's like if that's essentially the conversation design spec does it. So I'll do with that as the, is it whoever runs the emails always or does it make sense to bring somebody on the team who's in charge of that. You know, who's in charge of the product voice. Okay, there's a lot of great questions. Let me just walk you through like the end to end process that I would do in the scenario and who I would involve along the way. So I would do open an axial coding first. I would not ever ever build a judge for a failure mode I have never seen in the data. I think like that it's the easiest way to like nerd snipe yourself. And I know Hamel will cut I will bet money that Hamel agrees with me on this is just that you can fall down the biggest rabbit hole in the world of inventing failure modes that you think might be happening in the application, and then spend all this time designing on a good LLM judge for it. Well, first you have to get trace examples right of that failure mode. So you would then anyways have to hunt for that failure mode in your data. Like it's just it's too much work in my mind. If I'm going to build an LLM judge, I'm going to be 100% convinced that this indeed is a failure mode that I want to measure like it's, it's not even some. I'm going to build an LLM judge for every single axial code I observe either. Sometimes when I do error analysis, I see him really obvious errors that can simply be fixed by. Oh, I fixed a bug in my tool, or I added something to the prompt. I don't even need to build an LLM judge for that. I know that it will get fixed. If this is just for the things that are difficult, like, you know, I just, it's a difficult thing that I imagine that I'll never write with the single prompt fix. So I'm going to build an LLM judge for it because I want to measure it and want to measure it at scale, especially over time for my application. Then there's a question of when I would get he other humans involved. So I would do this in the open and axial coding stage as well. Like I would ask them , Hey, you know, do these open codes line up with what you expect. You have other open codes you would want to add to this. And then when the ax ial codes, I would run them by somebody who's like, actually an expert or domain expert, and I would say how would you freeze this as a criteria. And only then, right, would it be like, okay, time to build an LLM judge around it. So at the point that I'm building an LLM judge, I'm like really convinced other people all agree that this is a failure mode that would occur at scale and is like pretty pesky. And we've all kind of aligned on what the definition of that is, as well as like can have labeled traces of it because we did open an axial coding. Got it. Yeah, I don't know how many do you have stuff to add to it. I feel very passionate that you should never build an LLM judge for failure mode you think I politically exist. It's just like make us wait a waste time in my experience. Don't nerds don't nerds like yourself got it. Yeah, I mean in the least case what you can do is like, you can use an LLM to try to find some traces, but like hey you know I know this thing I've been using this application myself and like, this is really annoying is happening all the time. Okay, like just get some, just get some data real quick, just make sure you understand it. Karthik. Yeah, hi, I just wanted to double click on the previous conversation which is let's say I'm doing open coding right now and I know that for example, I want to know all other status that's the user request and I know this is a tool problem that the tool is not giving the link of the tracking status. Should I stop open coding fix the tool restart and you know it basically solves me one of the axial code. Let's say it's assume should I now stop the open coding redo the tool and then come back to the open coding before building the LLM judge or how do you see it . Yeah, that's such a low hanging fruit. It's like hey the tool call is not giving me is not the tool is not working. Like, and it's so low hanging I'm like hmm maybe I don't need an email for this . You've already won because you found like a real error and just go fix your application the whole point of this in class and anything is to make your product better if you find the opportunity to make your product better and you know how to make it better, go make it better and go do that as fast as you can . As soon as you know, as soon as you found something if you already know the fix , go for it. God, thank you. And that's why the error analysis by the way is more powerful than it seems because it's not just about in service of automated emails is just isn't service of you know what's wrong so you can fix it. And you uncover even uncover all kinds of stuff just like that. That's why I love it so much. Okay, Tara. Hi, thank you for this course it's been a great journey. And it's really validating because I'm like working on a data agent at work and I feel like I am using the tools that you're talking about so it's very valid ating like okay yes I'm doing this right. I am running I think this is like a very general question and I have to admit I did not. I'm not like a superhuman in the judge and I think that's something I need like in the loops I need to like do the tracing more manually and like look through like I have some things to do from my own I think a lot of the things I. One of the concepts I tried to implement them with the like with AI itself so that could be part of my issue. And we have someone on the team that is like in charge of just like the emails on its own so I'm like building the product and she is doing the emails. So we kind of work together like after I build this let's see how the emails look like. Every time I solve something it's like breaking something else that I thought I solved before so it's like I'm having to like go back I have this like long like feedback log of like what are the issues we're seeing. And I would solve this at a time like I would solve something and then I would try to like go through the list and then solve something else and then somehow like this breaks something that I solved like before. I'm using co pilot like Opus 5 and like GPT 5.6 so so I don't know if like if you compare co pilot to like codecs or cloud like that could be part of it but I do feel like. Sometimes like very my up my your pick and like how it looks at something and then it forgets about like how this could break something else. Yeah, I feel like I'm rambling at this point but I guess do you have any suggestions on like how it can like think more holistically like not so I'm not constantly having to like fix things that I thought I fixed. And then I could like go on and fixing other things without breaking the things that I already have. Okay, I understand what you're saying it's like how can I use my coding agent to do the concepts in this class better is the high level question. It's a good question, it's a good question. I mean let me try to organize my thoughts handle if you have something you want to start that would be a good start. So really what you want to do is you want to expose your emails to your coding agent. And you want to make sure that you instruct your agents to run like the offline emails when as a part of your test suite. So it's not just like the unit tests, but you also want to involve the emails. And a lot of the sort of like blog posts out there on harness engineering. Like they talk about this like they have a lot of people focus on the unit test and the specs a lot but a lot of like it's important to also like give your coding agent access to these metrics of various kinds. Some of those metrics are evil some of those are performance metrics also and other kinds of metrics. But that's one way to like keep your agent constrained. So as I'm like in my terminal as I'm like going through each one of these there 's this like evil loop that goes through everything I'm building right now and it makes sure it doesn't like break anything else I already have. Yeah, you have to be thoughtful in the design of it potentially like how often you want to invoke it at what point do you want to invoke it depending on how long it takes or whatnot. It's very different for different development workflows, depending on what you 're doing. But that's the general idea. Okay. Okay, thank you. Do you have any anything else that I would want to add is like you have to manually check artifacts in the process. Like I always feel super like nervous whenever a agent they're doing things even if I've told it the code, the concepts to implement because I will just find out later on that it didn't implement it perfectly. So I end up checking artifacts like I check always I check the L I'm judge prompt, as you saw I didn't like sure you just, you got to look at it because otherwise you don't know maybe one day you'll find something that's strange with it. So I look at that I look at like the two positive false positive metrics myself in each round. So I'm just giving an example here if like I could ask the agent to just hill climb on the traces that I've labeled but then I don't know if it's hill climb correctly. So like I make sure that I am looking at the resulting artifacts myself. And that helps. And I think you can kind of apply that broadly to other applications in this life cycle but at least those are my two cents. That's super helpful I think what I might do is like part of my like PR is I'll have this rubric like this is what we're doing do and then like I can like run this by my teammates as well. Okay, I like this. Yeah, I try to do like the like semantic like contracts just so like it like I have this like set of like this is my population this is my scope this but even with this it's like sometimes like oh this path is different than this path and like it just. Okay, but this is super helpful thank you so much. Ben. Hi, how's it going. Thank you for this class such such great detail in some really interesting things so really appreciate this. My question is about sort of long term. My question is about sort of long term eval program. Okay. So let's say I do some open coding, axial coding, find some stuff. Great. Logs and bugs. Those bugs may not get fixed for honestly months, right? Or ever. Right. So, okay. So then I do it again. Now I have some more open coding, but now my axials might change. And so what I'm trying to think through is, or someone else does it or I'm in a different mood, I'm picking on different things the next week. And you know, the volumes are all little subjective, right? And so, or let's say another PM comes and says, okay, here's all my axial codes . So how do you merge this and in a time where, you know, maybe some are sitting there going to be fixed. So maybe you should ignore those because we've already logged them, right? And then all this other stuff comes in just how do you kind of merge over time? That's my question. Yeah, it's mainly like a product management question is like, somebody has to sit on top of the data and make a decision like to prioritize these signals, you know? You know, you're getting signals in various ways. You're getting like this error analysis, giving you one signal. Your boss is giving you another signal, it's like, hey, we got to do this. Maybe you have a customer interviews giving you a different signal. Maybe those signals are correlated to some extent. Maybe they're not. But yeah, maybe not. And that's like the, that's the messy job that, you know, good product management should do is like, okay, this is what we're working on. This is what we're going to say no to the hardest part is saying no, just in general, even in life, hardest part is saying no to things because like, you need to prioritize. And yeah, that's what it comes down to is like, it's a product judgment called like what issue is the highest priority and to like fix that. Yeah. I mean, I guess it just, it's not so open anymore when there's some, some known things would be the right is that, is that how you like, okay, well, I already know all these issues. And so my open coding becomes only look at these. I don't know. It just doesn't maybe at some point it doesn't feel so open. So if you're doing a lot of open coding and you're finding issues all the time, your knowledge of the product is going to increase exponentially. Oh, yeah. You'll start, you'll start to develop an intuition, you'll start to interpolate between these errors and you'll start to say, you know what, I bet there's an error over here . You'll start smelling it, you know, and so I think it's kind of like, yeah, you will, so you'll have hypotheses, you'll have more hypotheses and you can use that to fill out the space, you know, essentially, what you're going to have to do though is like try to get in sync with that decision making authority. Hopefully they can, you can be the decision making authority. But if not, you know, you have to like work that into how you prioritize, how you're doing open coding, how you're working, where you're spending your time, you know, so it's ultimately has to be in sync with the decision making of your organization. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Shreya, anything else? Oh, I think you're, I agree with everything. And once there's one other thing that is, I think you're right and that you will find new failures less frequently over time. That's just the nature of like theoretical saturation, which is concept that is a very fancy term for as you review more traces and as you see more of the like data set of inputs and outputs, you will seem fewer failures, but you won't, it won't become zero. And it's not good to get like complacent that like, ah, we have solved all the errors and like we'll just keep it in production and like stop looking at our data. Like that kind of mindset, I think is pretty bad. It can get a little frustrating when you start, you see things, oh, still haven 't fixed this. Yeah. And like there will be new failure most that occur and you use your behaviors that come up like, okay. Yeah. All right. Thank you. Vladimir. Yes. Just to follow up on my previous question. So I'm building agents for research, so quantitative research and it is, you give a paper that I can replicate the results, given the market data and then see if they arrive to the same conclusions or the same data that has been in the paper or not. And my thinking was, can I, I started thinking about using emails for traject ories. So I have two versions of agents that do research and I want to know which agent is doing goes deep enough versus surface level or maybe which one is faster in terms of, you know, clock time or which one is cheaper. So building emails for trajectories, not for the output itself. So I'm curious about when do you split or when do you create LLM judges for trajectories? Have you seen that need? And if so, like, when would it make sense versus just using deterministic checks on the traces themselves? Like, that's, you know, which one is less expensive. That's kind of easy to do. You just compare the cost of tokens and it's like, okay, this one is cheaper to do. But which one went deeper in the research, that's a little bit harder question. So, and you can only kind of tell by looking at the trace and see, you know, which steps it performed, which we didn't perform. So yeah, that's my first question. Try to try this one? No. Sorry, I tried twice. I'm sorry, I have all my points. No problem. Okay, so for long-running things where you have lots of tool calls, lots of state and like, you know, it's going for one thing to the next, there's some analytical tools that you should try. You should try to do some data analysis. We have, we might get to this, discuss like transition failure matrix. It's going to be in the course reader eventually of like how to, you know, do that. We had it in the previous version of the course reader, which you have access to in the onboarding documents. You can take a look. So, you should absolutely see like where things are failing in your directory, do some data analysis to see like, in like zone in on one part of the trajectory. What is the most upstream part of the trajectory that has the most payoff in fixing? Like try to answer that question and try to like figure out like what intermediate state you want to focus on and kind of like walk your way down. And I would like, I would, I would focus on like one kind of, yeah, like try to narrow things down a little bit because like when you talk about long agent directories, it is kind of overwhelming like, like you can focus on a lot of different things. So take a look at that. Take a look at that transition failure matrix. We haven't got to that part of the class yet, but also it's in the course reader in the prior version at least and we're updating the course reader. Okay. And one more thing, as you try to improve the prompt and get better results, at what point you like, okay, my agent doesn't, sometimes doesn't follow instructions, like I tried different prompts and the longer it runs, you know, sometimes it forgets. So how do you like what other remedies are there besides trying to improve the prompt? And I'm thinking about like handoffs or loops. One thing I did find was like do a versus bear fires, we have a different agent verifying that and it's like, oh, yeah, you look, it looks at the instructions again, it 's like, oh, you didn't follow that instruction, okay, and then redo it. So here's to hear your thoughts. Yeah. So there's a lot of patterns that you could try, you know, obviously, you know, you could try different architectural patterns, you could try side agents, different kinds of tool loops, things like that, you can go all the way to fine-tuning, if you like. So you know, I don't want to, I'm trying to like, yeah, yeah, I want to start simple and then really move to the next step as if simple is not good enough. Yes. Um, it really comes down to experimentation. There's not like, you know, it kind of is like process of elimination, like, what is going wrong? Is there a context problem? You mentioned like forgetting things, okay, how can we manage context better? Can we have like tool calls or retrieval, can we manage retrieval better? What is going wrong exactly there? Like, I don't know, but like, you might want to focus on retrieval, like specifically. You know, if it's not calling the right tools, then that's something to focus on. So it really depends like what you're doing. But I would narrow it down again to a specific problem in your trajectory, like what component is failing? Um, and it'll take some data analysis to see you like, yeah, like hopefully you , it sounds like you do have some notion of one thing, when things fail, like you already have some infrastructure or like what you like and what you don't like. And what you can do is take a look at the transition failure matrix example that might give you an idea, you know, to follow it exactly, might give you an idea like, oh, okay, I can break down the step, like different steps of my trajectory and you can identify hotspot and just like zone in to that state in your trajectory and start to like debug that are like, it can be different, it doesn't have to be state in your trajectory, it could be like components of your system, it can be, yeah, it can be, it doesn't have to be state, it could be step, like a certain step in your trajectory. I don't know enough about your training example to like, tell you exactly, um, but you can break down your problem and get really specific about, okay, sort of trying to debug a component is where I would go. Okay. And as far as balance between like positive and negative cases, I sort of try to do 50/50, but is it, you always try to do that or at some point like, okay, what if I get like 70/30 or even 90/10, is it still good enough because just, there are not that many failure cases and if you try to artificially inflate them, you will get this, you know, imbalance. Now just try your best, it affects like the confidence interval essentially, um , you know, you need enough failures to be confident and what is a failure, you need enough positive to be confident was positive, et cetera. So yeah, it'll just affect that, okay, thanks. But one meta point to add to all of this is like, it's very different from software engineering. When you're doing software engineering, you're thinking about what are all the ways in this could go wrong and your reason about them, you try to build software. If you do that for AI emails and error analysis, you will find yourself thinking in the depths of like, oh, but this could happen or like this complicated agent architecture might be necessary and like, my meta thought around all of this is just, you know, just try something, try something simple, do the error analysis, find the failure mode, build an algorithm judge for it. When that breaks, then you could think about, okay, what next to do, um, it's just, it's just so different from software engineering, like I know this, I feel this, but otherwise like, I just see people get like really caught up in thinking about what are all the worst case scenarios that can happen. And then trying to prepare for that moment when in reality, like maybe the agent doesn't really all that complex and maybe you can just annotate the first failure in your trace. And like that will get you 95% of the way, like that I see this a lot, at least just my personal thinking. So, so, so this great example, because I'm doing agents for trading, you know, the worst case scenario, it can, it can actually cause a significant financial loss. So that is something that, um, I need to prepare beforehand. I can't, ideally I don't want to observe the trace saying, okay, just, you know , liquidate my account. That's just too late. So how do you deal with that? Okay. Maybe I don't think there's a magic bullet to this. Yeah. It's like you, you want to have guardrails or like you could say like, maybe agents won't make trades. Like I'll always be in the loop. If it wants to make a trade, it'll give me a notification. I have to approve it in the moment or something like that. Right. Like I think, um, but I don't know what the finance companies do and I'm not a financial expert. So perhaps, you know, agents are just making very massive trades without any human intervention. Yeah, and you can back test all you want, but does the back test, is it going to generalize to the future? Generally speaking, I mean, like everybody's been trying to do ML. Every like Tom, they can areas been trying to create like a forecasting regression classification task since the beginning of machine learning to trade. Now some people are really good at it. There's different strategies, but like, um, just know that there's, yeah, like it's hard to generalize, but there's some strategies, like advanced things, um, and you know, just know that yeah, it is like super risky and I don't know just a way to like completely de-risk it. No, I understand. So there are market conditions, but my most interesting like operational. So for example, you, you trade and then there's no market data coming in or like there's no connectivity loss or there's a, you know, something else happens. So like simulation environments, how do you, do you create simulation environments for you or adverse environments for your agent and see how it performs or, or, yeah , um, you can go on it personally, but probably Hamel has tried, no, I don't try to do simulation because it's just, it's like, it's extremely complicated, like producing a simulation environment now becomes the product. Um, so if you can produce a good, really good trading simulation environment or really any environment for that matter, that is the product. Um, so yeah, but okay, let's take this one into discord, uh, for any follow ups , but yeah, these are good questions. Awesome. Thank you. Shreya, um, I have a process related question about what we learned in automated, uh, evaluations. Um, and my first question is how are we, when we think about these automated emails, which I personally haven't done before, so it's very theoretical for me right now, not very, but quite. Um, is this kind of running daily or a, whatever cadence on a sample of production traces? Or are we basically saying we're doing error analysis and then also ad hoc, we will have an LLM judge that looks at production traces and then, uh, we sort of do some sort of comparison. So that's part one question, but like how, let me answer that one for part one. So we'll have an entire lecture dedicated to that. I don't want to try to give you that lecture ad hoc and then Shreya's pairing that lecture. So just hold on to that one. I would say. Okay. The second question was, um, we, we learned a lot about, uh, things that go into creating a good judge. Um, as production traces come in, the, the, the judge, what a judge is, isn't as relevant in your, maybe there are new failure modes that it's not really catching. And so it's really about, uh, well, there was a good judge, but next month, the judge isn't good anymore because like we, we're, we're getting more complicated, more complex queries and stuff like that. And so it, this one is about how often are we evaluating and what are we doing to evaluate this? And in what cadence generally just, I don't know how to think, just, I think I, I would like to have some idea on how to think about this judge and then how it might go stale. And what might want to do in order to be on top of that. Really good question. So okay, first of all, you always going to have to be doing error analysis. Now, there's no golden rule of when to refresh your error analysis. You can just, we could say something, but say like do it every two weeks. But you're going to have to redo it anytime you have a major change in your product. The market changes, users start using it differently. Um, you should always be doing it. That's one thing. Um, second is when your judge is in production and we'll talk about it. Like you'll notice, you're going to have to look at the failures. That's going to feed into your error analysis. You want to say like, okay, why did this fail? Is it a failure? And you'll notice, you'll start to notice some drift as well. And that's a good sign that this judge is not good anymore. Um, you, because you can update your data with that. And it's a sign that you need to update your judge as well. Um, error analysis is really, yeah, like, error analysis is a key way that you 're going to catch these new failures. Now you're not, again, like your agent is helping you with error analysis. Like you're not looking through all the traces. You're looking through some traces. But what we showed you is like, okay, how do you sample these traces in different ways? So that's really how you're going to catch these new errors. But it's always, you're always going to be sort of refreshing the emails. And, um, this is kind of why, you know, things like LM judge, you got to be really careful. Like you have to be sure like it's valuable. Like this is an error that you really care about tracking. And this is something that's tricky that you want to fix. Um, as opposed to like some low hanging fruit, like someone mentioned earlier in the office hours, like, oh, yeah, I already know the tool call. Okay. Don't create like this. I just said, you know, no, because there's no point. Just fix it. So it's kind of like an art in a science. Once you go through building this automated emails, once you get a mental model of how much effort it is, which also depends on like your organization and your tool ing and what you have access to and how, you know, there's external factors that can be harder or easier for you. But yeah, you kind of, you have to keep an eye on it. You have to constantly be doing error analysis to kind of like refresh things. And that gives you a signal, okay, like, how do you refresh this? So man will error analysis is going to be the primary way that we learn that a judge isn't a good judge anymore, because it's not catching the things that we are catching and stuff like that. Yeah, when I say manual, though, I guess, like, it's always hybrid, like, nothing is manual anymore, right, like, so, you know, you want to buy you, yeah, you are driving, you perform. Yes. But isn't, wait, that's a bit, contradiction in what we did in the first second lessons is like a lot of the emphasis is not actually going in there and looking at the data ourselves. Yes. And so we want to take you, like, we're driving that, right, like, every lecture I've tried to, I've used coding agents, right, coding agents are kind of doing the work that I would farm out to, you know, a crowd worker, but I'm still driving everything, right? Like, I'm telling the coding agent, build my error analysis dashboard, okay, but I'm going to the dashboard and I'm the one who's deciding what the open codes are, axial code, and then after all the open codes, then I might go back to my agent and be like , okay, help me group them into axial code. I think the key here is, like, the agent is not creating any novel information from this whole process. It's me who's creating all the information and my agents are just going to present it to me in a nice way or organize it, like, even today in LLM judge, like, I'm the one who decides to criteria, I'm the one who has the labels, and then, like, I asked the agent to hill climb on, I set the metrics of TPR, TNR, and then agent will hill climb , but I'm going to, like, look at what it's doing every step of the way, so yeah. We do skew towards looking at things in the lectures, because that's the most interesting part. Like, that's the part that we need to teach you, ultimately teaching you, like, push this button is not that interesting, and probably a waste of your time, honestly, to do screen sharing and say, we're going to press enter right now, and then, say here and watch it, like, you're not going to learn anything, but the part that the craft really is in the part where you are involved, and that's why, okay, it's like the lectures and instruction is skewed towards that. Makes sense, yeah, probably a lot of people, including we need to be taught this lesson of look at your data before everything else, that makes sense. I'm looking forward to the next class, where we learn more on the process. Great. Mayor Antoine. Yes, thank you. So, my question is kind of connected to the same subject, kind of trying to understand the whole process of AI evaluation. So, what we did today was to improve only the, the judge prompt. We hear climb only on that, we did the train depth test fleets, and we were improving the prompt of the judge. At what point will he'll climb on improving the agent? That's my first question. So, that my first understanding of the process was, we will also do that. Yes. So, that's an upcoming lecture, a whole year of curiosity, but that is a very important thing. That's the kind of the, where everything culminates, so definitely, yeah, wait for that is coming. Last two lectures, but you cannot skip forward there, you have to have emails before you hill climb. So. Okay, so those email will help us hear climb on the agent, that's, that's, that 's a goal. Right now we are building emails that will help us use our agents to hill climb on those emails. Okay. So, my next question is related to kind of experiments, tracking. So I see that link here, they have some tools and, and, and we use the API to hear clamp, like to automate that, that tracking of metrics, that, that we can have different metrics. Do we plan to use that, or we'll do it manually as we did today using the coding agent, or we'll put that in the length use data set and automate that process so that we can see the pro version version change and everything we change when we're improving the agent. You can use length use, you can use mlflow for experiment tracking, it's another one that have used. But personally, I found that like all of these experiment tracking tools are more or less offering the same functionality, like you just need some way to version the experiment and look at the experiment metrics. So we don't drill on it too much in this course that being said, maybe if you want to post your question in discord and other folks can probably comment on the tools that they use, but I use mlflow and like fees, maybe hemlies, I would encourage you while you 're learning to just kind of do it without a tool and see how it feels. The reason is, is because sometimes if you go into a tool, you get tunnel vision and you don't, you kind of get guided by the way the tool is telling you to do things. And you're not thinking about what you want and what is what you're trying to do. And so you're going to benefit a lot more a lot of times if you just do it sort of in a way that makes sense to you and think a lot about like how, what you're trying to do, how it's useful, et cetera. And then later on, when you can then evaluate tools better. Okay, thank you. Amin. I have to run. I'm really sorry. No, no, bro, no, I'm, yeah, I hang up, I hang up for a while. All right, I'll be back on discord. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Great question so far and thanks for the answers. I have a question around the best practices that you're seeing in industry based on like the consultations that you're doing with companies. So for context, we are building a well hardness or like evolves platform internally, and we have different agent teams that contribute to these teams own their agents, they're on their emails, they see this course. So my team, we just offer the platform. So I'm finding it hard to understand what the boundaries would be in such kind of ownership model. So, so let's say for example, while our platform offers like different metrics for these teams to like pick and choose and from an emails point of view, should we be the one who should standardize this whole thing and say, Hey, this is what the industry is best practices and we want to, we want you to like, adopt to this specific framework, let's say, the error analysis that you guys taught, I like to say the metrics that we are discussing right now. Like any. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. So, okay, you have to be really careful with platforms and tools. Because when you offer somebody a platform or a tool, they turn off their brain . This is what I mean. If you go to, let's say any popular platform out there, you know, brain trust, length view, you name it, they will have generic metrics. Okay, generic metrics are helpful in this score, coherent score, ground, groundedness, whatever. And people who don't know emails are like, Oh, this is great. Like this is going to solve the problem. Let me just do what this tool, I'm going to use these metric put on a dashboard . Because that's what people think emails are. That's the, that's the sort of starting bias, let's say human, let's say bias of like thinking what emails are. And if you do that, you're just basically ensuring that people are going to waste their time and they're going to spin their wheels a lot, generic metrics. And so you have to be really careful when offering a platform. This is like probably, you know, you asked about my consulting and stuff like that. This is the number one issue that people have. Like when I enter a consulting engagement, almost always the first thing I see is like a dashboard of the bunch of generic metrics. And that is almost a guarantee that nobody has looked at their data and isn't like thinking about what their failure modes are actually happening and so on. It's even problematic when it comes to error analysis. So you asked about error analysis and like how, like should we standardize on error analysis as a platform? I would say you kind of need to standardize an error analysis as a process platform, not so sure about that. And again, because it's so different for every data set and use case, you want to custom, the whole magic of agents is that you don't need, you can have personalized software that fits exactly what you're trying to do. So like because every data set is different, you know, you might want to render it differently and you may want to search it differently, annotate it differently, so on and so forth. We're going to have a lecture next week, Isaac's going to talk about how he does annotation for OCR and that annotation interface is very, very different than like chat. It's extremely different and as it should be. And so basically, you have to be really careful with the platform. To like think, okay, like maybe you can, if your problem that everybody has worked on is, you know, very narrow enough where the same solution really does fit everybody's use case, then maybe we have to be really honest with yourself. Is that the case? Is everybody have like such a tightly defined thing that is kind of all the same? And so you have to be careful. And so yeah, like, okay, if you melt those things away, you take air analysis away, say okay has to be customized. If you take away, if you say like metrics have to be customized. You kind of left with a database where maybe you put metrics in potentially. And that's it. And now we can get into like, okay, like if you're doing air analysis, maybe you want to collaborate on their analysis, maybe you want to share labeling thing. Again, like it's totally fine as a platform to offer that, but you would have to design for each use case. And as a platform team, because I've been on platform teams before as well, like in machine learning, is like you kind of have to, it's a little bit troublesome because you are trying to be cookie cutter in a way to help people, but then also like I said, there's this balance, you have to be super careful. So you might be only as a platform team, you might want to start with serving one customer really well and one use case really well. And then see kind of like pick one at a time, but again, like if your use cases are very different, then just know as a platform team like, okay, like you're limited in the standardization, the benefit of standardization is much less than it was before, because before like the cost of producing your own software is just like soup, like way higher, right? So I don't know if that helps. Yeah, it helps like it really helps. Yeah, that's where you are struggling right now, like let's say if you take a step back and see it from a length, like see it from a bird's eye view, so we have teams reporting the emails, but there's no standardization like each one reports something and we are trying it hard to understand like what's the apples to apples comparison, like how can we say which agent is doing better and how can we say which agent does that, like that's that's where we are struggling right now. Yeah, no, that makes sense. Like, I mean, if different teams are working on the exact same agent, then it definitely feels like, yeah, somebody needs to clean up, like get everybody aligned. If they're working on different agents, then that's a different, then that's like, okay, then you may not be able to necessarily supremely compare that. Got it. Cool. That's how it's done. Psalm. Yeah, it will. So following up on questions, I mean, right, like the one of the problems that I feel that I mean, I get stuck with is if there is an eval issue, is it an issue with the eval itself, or is it an issue with the prompt or the skill, right, like how, because what I've seen is like the one I mentioned earlier, it just start going into cycles after some time, because there's so many dimensions to the whole STLC workflow, sorry, to the whole AI workflow that it just starts getting confusing after a point of time, whether if I fix this line or add this line, will it actually be something that the line should I add to the judgment or should I add the line to the, like the prompt, should I break down the prompt further, should I break down the judgment further, so all the dimensions starts coming in and that is, I think I struggle a lot with like, is there a process of thinking about how do you go about this, because it just keeps growing. Okay, so, you know, it's important to break down the problem and focus on one thing at a time, but I think what you might be asking is, in part at least, is do you fix your product or do you fix the eval, and you should always fix your, be like super biased towards fixing your product, because this class is about making your product better, forget evals, like for a second, like you just need, you all want the outcome of making your product better, sometimes evals help you, sometimes not, the most important thing is you have error discovery, you know what's wrong, because you don't know what's wrong, then you can't do, you don't know what to fix, so like, you start there, I would, you know, I would like try to fix your product as much as possible, and then like, get it in a some place that feels stable, you might need, you might need to do error analysis, and just not write evals for a while, that is a thing, that happens a lot, when you're first starting off with evals, a lot of times, I will do error analysis for months with a company, saying like, we don't need evals, because look at all of these bugs, they're just very low hanging fruit bugs that don't like, you don't need an eval just yet, like we can, you know, and then you can go to evals later on, so maybe think about it that way, thanks, any other questions, don't be shy, it's good time to ask, okay, Rahim, okay thanks so much, I haven't fully formed this question, because it's just a new project, but how does, how does, I mean at a high level, but also specifically, how do trace, how does tracing and evals differ from, you know, between text based data and text based spans input output spans, compared to structured data, so if you're looking at time series data, is it just time series or some other sort of classification, is it just you just would not use an element at all, and you'd rely on other models, and you know, this just wouldn't apply, or is our evals done completely differently for that? Yeah, so, okay, so you asked about traces, so traces are just logs, and then to the day, so traces, you know, it's just a file format, you can use whatever you want, you know, traces are like essentially a sequence of events, and you can put whatever you want in there, how you render the trace however, that is a different question that, you know, like, yeah, this time series data, you probably want to render it in a way that you can look at it, et cetera. Now when it comes down to, I'm not sure what exactly the question is, but I'm just trying to read between the lines, is like, okay, if you have, if you can evaluate like your time series data more deterministically, or you have statistics that you want to do, use instead, then, you know, do that, that's totally fine, use the testing, like, highly verifiable domains, you know, you would want to use like more code-based, things that look more like code-based tests, you wouldn't even use LLM judge, it sounds like, I 'm just reading between the lines, like, maybe that's your case, I don't know, it's anomaly detection in data entry, so there's a system of record, there's different users entering different data, it's, you know, numerical data for the most part, and, you know, there's anomalies that pop up, no one catches it in the system, now, if there isn't, you know, a tool that just spans all the data that is posted into the database at every point in time , and just simply ask, okay, it's an agent that asks, does this fit the pattern, does it not fit the pattern? As an example, just a classifier, for example, that's one use case, so yeah, that's kind of the use case I'm thinking about. Yeah, I would try to build, I would still try to build an eval data set, how, you know, your eval itself might be, you might not need an LLM judge, but what you want to do is like try to find the tricky examples where there's an anomaly, but your classifier is, you know, saying like, there is no anomaly, or whatever, and you might, I don't know enough about your domain, but you need to think very carefully about sampling, like, how can you sample things that look funny? You know, is there any latent signals that you have that you could take advantage of? Maybe you could have, like, different kinds of classifiers, and see, like, where the confidence is low, or, you know, the confidence is borderline, and look at those. Basically, you want to try really hard to find these errors, because that's the error you need to hill climb against to make your thing better, and that's like your goal is to collect this data set of these, like, negative examples that are not easy. If they're too easy, then there's going to be no point in the eval, because you 'll just get 100% on the eval, then who cares? Like, it's not telling you anything, and whatever. So that's where I would start. Right, whether or not you use an LLM is a secondary thing, the primary thing is just doing similar emails for those problems, specifically. Yeah, I mean, I think the most important thing is, like, for anomaly detection, like, if you want to know if you're not -- so, your anomaly detection, it's not, like , this generative AI stuff, where you have to, like, reason over these, like, very messy stuff. It's like, you have a classifier, is it anomaly, yes or no? So, you don't need to do this meta-classification stuff. You're just testing, is your classifier good? This is kind of like an LLM judge. It's a kind of, like, standard machine learning. It's less of this AI eval stuff. It's more, like, very classic, like, okay, you have a classifier, how do you know if a classifier is good? So you -- your problem is a lot more simple, and that you don't need, like, necessarily all the machinery that we are teaching, you know, you can -- because, yeah, you have, like, these verifiable properties, it's a constrained problem, trying to do just classification. So you need to, like, have this way of making, like, knowing if your classifier is good. If you could still want to know in that classifier, what is the precision or recall of this anomaly detection? Right, okay. I guess that was, like, a very specific example, but thanks, cool. Anyone else? Okay. Okay. Again. A random question. I just encountered this myself to -- I just wanted to hear your experience. Have you ever run into a situation where you knew you had to do something else to improve the product? It just didn't help at all, and you had to, like, rethink everything you're doing? All the time, yeah, so what -- a lot of times, what happened -- it's been happening more recently, is you start to eval a product, and you realize the product isn't good, meaning it's not really helping the user. And the reason that we're having problem evaluating it is because the product is hard to verify, and because it's hard to verify also for the user, and that is, like, a problem . Like, okay, and I've talked about this before, like, how does the lawyer trust you? How does the doctor trust the report to getting? How does the lawyer trust this, like, brief that they're getting, et cetera? And people are -- you know, that happens a lot, and so we have to zoom out and sort of often rethink product design to be, like, more verifiable product design. I have a blog post. You may have, you know, get tired of me sharing these links, but I'll just do it just in case anyone's seen it. I'll just put it in the chat right now, if you want to hear more about what I'm talking about. All right, I think we can wrap it up here. Thanks, everybody. If you have any questions, always drop in as a Discord. Really enjoy having you all, and thank you. See you next week.