All right. Welcome everyone to number five. Today we're going to be talking about judges, specifically, okay, for where to call them by a more broad term, automated eval uators, and how to automate the development of automated evaluators in a way that you can actually trust them. Before we get into today's material, just some logistics of what happened last time, what we're going to talk about today. So last time we talked about open coding, axial coding, all we can actually look at the data, do error analysis to discover what the mistakes are. So what we actually did was we built this dashboard, which plenty of you probably already have done for homework, and we looked at each trace one by one, and we read these things, and then we highlighted, commented on it, gave feedback, and kind of moved on. And then we saw it by the end, where we were able to take all of these open codes, use our coding agent to build a taxonomy of common failure modes in our traces. So hopefully you guys got some practice with this in the last few days. Today, what we're going to do is given these failure modes, we're going to take one of the failure modes, and we're going to walk through the process of building an LLM judge or an automated eval uator. So what we're going to do is try to write a prompt for it, see how well the LLM judge aligns with our labels, and then use coding agents to help climb on the automated evaluator to make it align better with our human labels. At a very high level for automated evaluators, I and Hamel like to think about, there's two types of automated evaluators, there's code based evaluators, and there's LLM judge based evaluators. Code based evaluators , we talk about this a little bit in the reader, we're not going to cover it in lecture. It's very simply, if you know that there's some criteria that you care about, for example , you know you want all of your outputs to be less than 100 words, you don't need an LLM judge to tell you whether something is less than 100 words, you can absolutely just write some piece of code that is going to run on all your outputs and check whether that's within 100 words. But LLM judges, on the other hand, these are more for criteria that 's very difficult to express in code. So for example, maybe we want to make sure that cartwheels output gives enough information without unnecessary detail, and that's actually the mode that we'll get into in this lecture. But one of the failure modes we encountered was we were reading these outputs and we're thinking, "Oh my gosh, there's way too much detail in them." So a good example of a fuzzy failure mode here is too much detail, that's something we would want an LLM to help us check. Hamel, any thoughts you want to add on code based versus LLM based? I know a lot of people actually prefer to use code based myself included if it's possible to express it in code. But kind of in your head, when do you think about using code versus LLM? I try to come up with, I try to figure out if there's any way I can use code based checks because they're so much easier to maintain and create and are far less of pain in the ass than LLM as a judge. You'll see LLM as a judge, you have to validate the judge. You can't just ask an LLM, "Hey, is this good?" And then go on your merry way, like how do you know if that judge is good? Well, that's like a meta eval. We 're going to show you how to do that. That sounds complicated. It kind of is. It's really complicated. Try to use a code based eval if you can. Hopefully by the end of today's lecture, you will realize that you want to use code based evaluators as much as possible. But sometimes you cannot get around it. You have to use an LLM judge. And so hopefully today you'll be equipped with the knowledge of how to do LLM judge correctly. So let's talk about the example criteria that we're going to use for an LLM judge. And this came directly out of axial coding from last lecture. By the way, I looked at my taxonomy, I looked at my open codes and I found what was the code that I was giving the most. And that was too much unnecessary detail. So the first thing I like to do is phrase the criteria. So phrase it as a sentence. But the final message includes all the information the user needs for their next decision, but doesn't have any irrelevant or excessive detail. So when I say this, like phrase it as a sentence and phrase it as a sentence that could evaluate to true or false for that particular output. So think of this as like a rubric item or a rubric criteria, like somebody gets points if they satisfy it and they get minus points if they don't satisfy it. And the way that I like to think about too much irrelevant or like what does irrelevant or unnecessary detail mean? I don't know if folks are familiar with Grice who's like a philosopher logician. I don't really know somebody from the past. Very, very famous guy. So you can probably lock this up. So it's a paper that he wrote back in 1975. Yeah, he's a logician. I'm not going to go into all of this in detail, but he has four very good max ims for kind of how to communicate or express a thought to somebody. And these four maxims are quantity. So for quantity, you know, include what is needed. Don't include more aspects than needed. Quality, say what is true. Make sure everything that you're saying is supported by some evidence. Relation. So that means stay relevant to the request. So don't say something that's totally irrelevant. And then manner. So that is whenever you're saying something to somebody or communicating, avoid ambiguity, be very precise and present information in a logical order. So these are just four maxims that you came up with that I think are really great and useful, especially in the age of LMS. And so this is kind of how we want to think about we want our wheels answers to follow this criteria. Now, of course, we cannot express this as some code base check. I have no idea how to express evaluating this criteria in code, but hopefully we're going to try to do this with an LLM judge. And if we were to see an example of one of the traces that might violate this criterion that we looked at last time, here's a cookbook return trace excerpt. So I got a cookbook from this paper liner press. Some of the pages were stuck together. Can I return it? And maybe the AI agent ran some tools did some stuff. And then it said, if you'd like, I can help start the refund for this order, since this is a higher value order, it might be routed for human approval. And I open coded this as this is very bad. I didn't like it. There's so many issues I found like one, I didn't like then we found amount wasn't provided in the answer. That seems quite necessary. Higher value is something very ambiguous, right? It's unclear whether human approval was required or not. And why like if we're going to say it may be routed to human approval, like that's not a very helpful response from an agent, right? We want to be definitive. And we want to present like why we might route that to human approval. There are just three of the issues that I had annotated , but you can kind of see why that this LLM judge should evaluate this output to be giving to not satisfy this criterion. Does that make sense of a motivating example? Hopefully, yes, I see people's heads nodding, so I'm going to go for it. So how might we design an LL M judge? We want to evaluate this criterion on every single trace. And not just the traces that we've labeled, but like in theory, we can have an LLM judge run on all the traces in production, evaluating this criteria. What we need to do is essentially train or align our judge upfront on a sample. Now, fortunately, we already have a sample of information where we already have data that we have done open and axial coding on at least 100 traces, hopefully 200 plus. But I'm just going to say 100 for now. And each one of these traces for the criteria, either it's labeled pass or fail. And you can do this by taking your axial code taxonomy, you know, you have the failure mode there that you know you want to evaluate, you could either go through all the traces and annotate one or zero for that criteria, or you can ask your LLM judge to do the, or sorry, ask your coding agent to do this, because it already has access to your open codes, it can assign one or zero for each trace for the failure mode. And let's assume that we have 50 pass and 50 fail, because it's just an easy assumption to make. But in practice, you might have more or less. We recommend you having at least 20 pass and 20 fail, it's just, you need to make sure that you have enough examples of both. So you can actually try to train your LL M judge. And you're going to train your LLM judge just like you would train any other binary classifier. If you're a machine learning person, this should be super, super in your wheel house, you should know exactly what I'm talking about here. First thing they're going to do is split your traces into training, development and test sets. But that would become clear in a moment. So I like to split it up into 204040, which is a little bit of a flip, actually, from traditional machine learning, because you don't really need that many examples for training. You want to reserve most of your examples for development and test to make sure the alignment of those sets is much better. So in training, you're going to just use any of these training examples. They could be in the prompt for the LLM judge as few shot examples for development. This is where you're going to test your LLM judge prompt on the development set. And you're going to see, okay, how did it align with my labels on the development set? And you're going to try to hill climb on this development set. You're going to try to get the alignment score, which I'll define in a bit. You're going to try to get that as high as possible. Then when that alignment score is very high, the test set is basically how you're going to ensure that the problem generalizes to unseen data. So you're going to run that good prompt on this held out test set. And you're going to see what the alignment score is there. And then hopefully that is good enough to shift to production. You're going to want to make sure that there's no leakage between these traces. I cannot tell you the number of times that I've seen people trying to hill climb on some data set of traces. And the data set that they're evaluating on is exactly the same as the data set, the few shot examples that they have in the prompt. Well, of course, it's going to do well in that scenario. You're not try testing anything. So you want to make sure that these are distinct data sets there. It's know what we call leakage between them. If you're a machine learning person, everyone should be nodding their head like , yes, this is my bread and butter. If you're not a machine learning person, that is totally okay. This is a tried and true process for how to do classification. And we'll actually, we have a bunch of coding skills for your coding agents to help you with this. So one thing I want to say here is this might sound so like, okay, experience people get this wrong. I've been a machine learning engineer for over 25 years. And I, any company I've been in, I have found leakage. It's a decision. It's like, it can be decept ively like complicated. And you have to have really good data hygiene to make sure you're not somehow cheating. Like you don't look at, you know, make sure we're going to get into this, but like you have to make sure that you sort of are very disciplined about what data you look at and like what goes into your prompts and where like, what is informing your prompts . And so just, just make sure you pay attention to this. And basically like what we 're doing here, what we're telling you is like your LLM judge is a classifier, and you're going to need to test that classifier rigorously to make sure that it's good, and not just go on faith. So what we're showing here is like this data segmentation strategy , training dev test set. These are kind of, we're going to use this data partitioning to do the tests and make sure we're not like over overfitting the judge. Yeah, and things like that. Yeah, a couple of other questions that we're getting is, you know, what is, is developing the judge mean just finding the prompt for the judge? Yes, you can just think of it as tuning. What is the correct prompt to have for your LLM judge? That is all we 're trying to do here. And then the training set here is just the set of examples that you 're allowed to include as few shot examples in your prompt. You can't include dev set examples as few shot examples, because then you would have leakage, but you would have this overfitting that Hamel mentioned. So that's why we split it into these three. Another question that we got that's good is, well, what model do you use for the LLM judge? And can I typically like to say, you know, use a cheap model because you want to be able to run your LLM judge on pretty much all of the traces that you have ever get. It should be like a really cheap way to scale up your judgment. So don't try to use a really expensive model. Try to use a cheap model and then make sure the prompt is very good, but this process we 're about to show you. And then the second thing is it's okay if you use the same model for your agent as the same model for your judge, because if judge is doing a different task than the agent is doing, the judge is just trying to evaluate good or bad for this one particular criteria. So it is a totally different task than your original agent, which is trying to do, you know, a shopping assistant. So don't worry too much about, oh, my judge model, like I need to pick the perfect judge model. It can't be the same as the original model. That is a trap, a rabbit hole that so many people fall into, because you're just judging one criterion, it's okay to pick the same model. Hamel, you have, oh, actually before I want to call on Hamel to talk about something. How many examples to have? You know, it doesn't need to be 50/50. You just need to make sure you have like a good enough sample of negatives and a good example of positives. And then it doesn't need to be perfectly balanced. That's fine. Hamel, I want to get your perspective on kind of what model to take. In particular, you know, this JEV model has come out recently, and people are really excited about it. So you should give some thoughts about it. And then people also have comments on using the same model, like, is it going to be biased or not? So I want you to also agree with me and reiterate the fact that it's okay to use the same model because it's a different task. Yeah, yeah. So, okay, these are all common questions. So one is like, let's zoom out a little bit. What is an LLM judge? We can even cross out the word LLM here. You could say develop this, like you could say the title of the slide could be developing a judge. And you could even cross out the word judge. You could say developing a class ifier. We're developing a classifier. The classifier is going to give you pass or fail. Now, there's a reason we're saying pass or fail. You might be wondering, well, I don't want to pass or fail. I want to give me a score. No, no, don't do the score thing. We're going to tell you why. If you are thinking I want to score, if you're going to do a score, it's going to make your life very, very difficult. You're going to have to calibrate that score. You're going to have detailed rubrics. The cost of like calibrating a good score out of an LLM or even anything can be exponential. And it often like slows down decision making quite a lot. It's, it's very, it looks good. You're like, oh, I feel good. I have a score. But sometimes, like most of the time, the score can just like help you hide decision making about what's good or not. So that's, that's one thing. So okay, we're doing a classifier. Now, it almost doesn't matter like what the classifier is. Like it can be code. It could be, it could be a machine learning model. It could be like some, it could be like a squirrel in your window that makes a sound. And that you have wired it up somehow to, to , to whatever. It can be Jeff. It can be an LLM. It can be whatever the hell you want. It doesn't matter what it is. The thing is you just need to make sure it's good. You don't want to use anything blindly. Okay. So like whatever classifier you use, whether it's an LL M, whether it's Jeff, whether it's anything. Okay, like how do we know if it's good? Well, how do you know if anything is good in life? You have to check it against some kind of ground truth. If you don't do that checking, then you run like a really big risk of that thing just being a bunch of noise. And especially like with L with these classifiers and the kind of errors that you have been annotating. You know, you've been annotating a lot of things I have to do with subjective nuance, taste. Hey, this is bad. We don't like this experience, whatever. This really hard for LMs to pick up on their own. A lot of times it requires some iteration to like do this correctly. And so you want to just know, okay, like, you want to be able to answer the question. If someone asks you, so your colleagues ask you, hey, like, how do we, how can we trust this judge that you have? Like you put this metric on a dashboard. Okay, like, how do we know it's good? You don't want to just, you want to have an answer for that, you need to know. And so this kind of procedure that we're going to be walking you through today, like, let's gives you sort of the procedure on which you can like measure if the judge is good. And you can reason about like how good is the judge. Should you rely on this judge? And it also gives you like this harness that you can use to improve the judge and get it to a point that you're satisfied. But it's absolutely important that you do that. So don't get sort of nerd sniped by, you know, there's different choices out there of different things you can do. Now what I like to personally do is to make my life easier, I like to use the most powerful model to start with when developing an LLM judge. So I like just take like the frontier model. And then I'm back off. Then I say, okay, like, you know, can I, can I use a smaller model? And can I keep using smaller and cheaper and cheaper models? And what does that do to the score? Because like, we're going to score your LLM judge against the development set and then finally against the test set. And we're going to talk about that. And you know, you're going to see , okay, like, how good is the classifier? And you can make the trade offs, you can make the cost accuracy trade off according to what you want. But again, like, it's, it's a lot easier to start from often like a more powerful model. And then sort of, once you have a prompt you're satisfied with like kind of walk your way down, then the other way. But you can try the other way too, if you want, like, there's nothing, you know, is there's nothing wrong with it as long as you have this way to grade yourself. That's what you need. And so this, and then like see, this also answers the question. So the question of, can you use the same model that you're using like for your agent, can you use it as a judge? Yes, because we're not, because you have a way to measure it. So you will know from this measurement, if your judge is biased, you will know if you will know from this measurement, that the judge is, you know, not good enough or whatever. And then you'll be able to reason about that and you can try different models. But it almost doesn't matter because what ultimately what matters is the alignment with you and the alignment with these labels. So there 's all kinds of choices you can make. What is the model? What is the reasoning effort? Whatever it is, the answer kind of, this is an eval, this is a meta eval of your judge or your classifier. And then you can choose within that, like, what do you want to do? And so, like , almost like don't ask the question necessarily like, can I use the same judge or can what model should I use whatever, like, kind of focus on the process and say, okay, like, you know, create this data set and this like a process and then explore within that. That 's my advice. 100%. Yeah. Like, most all, almost all the questions we get about NLM judge are like the wrong question to ask in the first place. Don't focus on those bits. Like, don 't focus on model selection. Focus on the process of, you know, making sure that your metrics on these data sets are aligned with your labels. So let's go through that for this example here. Building and, oh, I want to remove my annotations, but my zoom may not be happy with that. I can try to help you. Hold on. Okay. I deleted it. We're good. Right. So now we're going to do is we're going to build a judge for one of our, for our criterion. And there's two skills that I have linked here. One is called right judge prompt and the other one is called validate evaluator. So I'll actually briefly click on those before because we're going to be using them in this demo. So the first one of writing the judge prompt. Here, this is all about basically, okay, given the criterion and design an LLM judge evaluator. And there's many components to it. So first write the prompt that has the criteria on, which I defined in that slide, then some definitions of pass and fail. And I like to kind of use what think of this as, you know, a more detailed rubric by the criterion, some few shot examples. And then a structured output format. So this is very critically pass or fail. It's binary here. So you can have some rationale or some critique here, but it's very important that this part is binary because that will allow us to compute the alignment metric, which we'll show you. If we don't have this be binary, it is very difficult to compute the alignment metric and feel confident in it. Some of the anti patterns, but this is more just for the skill, less for you. So hopefully that gives you an idea of what the judge prompt is going to look like, and I'll show you the example of that. And there's also this validate evaluator skill, which I will get into in a little bit once we define what our alignment metrics are going to be. Let me share, move my screen to my terminal. Oh wait, you guys cannot see it, can you? No. Stop, share, share. What? Can you see it? Yeah, I can see your terminal. Yeah, excellent. Let me make it a little bit bigger maybe. Well, it doesn't like to be bigger. So be it. All right, so let's show you the zero prompt for the uninformative response criteria that we've been talking about. So I invoked the scale ahead of time before lecture because now we didn't want to be wasting time here, and this is the prompt that my agent came up with. And remember, this is after we split up the data set, and this is just that agent looked at the training set and came up with the prompt. So it says decide whether the assistance last reply gives the exact information needed for the next decision without unnecessary detail, evaluate only the last assistant message using any other conversation and tool results as context. And then there's some rules for pass. Right. So use this language appropriate for a customer, no internal IDs. If you were in last lecture, you know that this was a big gripe for me when I was doing open coding. And there are also some fail rules. Right. So here dumps fields that the user didn't ask about explains internal platform logic. So again, right, this, the reason that we want an agent to write our initial view V zero prompt in this way is because it can look at our open codes, and it can reason about our open codes and figure out what should be in this pass and fail. And, you know, this will hopefully trigger some folks that are remembering. Oh, yeah, like, we did open coding and we didn't want these specific CW refunds or CW returns in there. Um, then there are some examples. So here's one example of a pass. Here's one example of a fail. Why did we not like it? Well, there's also other things that were dumped, which we didn't like. And then, I mean, I think the agent just wanted to do this borderline pass example. Honestly, I didn't write this prompt, right. But overall, this prompt, right, the V zero, it follows our skill, what our skill asked for. We have no idea how well it performs on our labels. So that's what we're about to do. But hopefully you can see like what this prompt is trying to do. So now I'm going to run the script that I will push the cartwheel. And I've actually pre run it in advance enough, cast all the results because I want it to be fast. And if the internet went down, I didn't want us to be sad. Or, sorry, the LLM judge went down. I didn't want us to be sad. And I use GPT for Oh mini for this, by the way. So Hamil likes to start with the most expensive model for the judge. I think that's super valid. I like to start with a mini model. I don't know. I'm just nervous about spending a lot of tokens. There's no right way or wrong way to do it. Just know that the model choice doesn't really matter. It's about this process. So from this, and you can see. I think that's good too, by the way. I don't want to just like you're absolutely right. Like if also, if you have a sense that like you, like what you're judging is easy enough. And then like listen to your judgment and just like go start with a small model . Then that's don't leave like your intuition at the door. Yes. Okay, so I've ran this V zero of the prompt and you're going to see some things here that we haven't talked about yet. But we'll you'll see that. Okay, we've wanted to run for this criterion. We used what prop file we used the one that I just showed you. And we ran this on our dev split. Right. So this is 40 traces. And then we see our metrics here. Okay. So there's three metrics. I'm going to get to that in a little bit. There's this true pass rate, which is 50%. And the things in here are brackets. That's a confidence interval, which we will also go into. There's a true negative or true failure rate. And then there's something called agreement rate. Now, agreement rate is the metric that you and I are like the most obvious metric, which is for what fractures of the trace. Did the Ellen judge and the human or did I say the right, the exact same label. So agreement rates are typically actually much higher than TPR TNR, which again , I'll get into on the whiteboard and we'll go really slowly through it. But one common mistake that people make is just to compute the agreement rate. And then they see agreement rate is high and they're happy with it. That's not good. We don't want to fall to that. Okay, so there's true pass rate, true negative or true failure rate, and there 's agreement rate. And now let us go to a whiteboard. Let's try to describe exactly what love this is. Up, share. Here. Folks can hopefully see my whiteboard. Yes. I can see it. Okay, great. I don't know. Sometimes you don't know saying your thing and I don't know what 's happening. All right. So let's first write down metrics. So, here are the metrics that we carry about care about TTR. Yeah. And now here's how to visualize. We want to visualize this as a confusion matrix. What is a confusion matrix. Well, this is where human. This. And then on this other end, we'll be. Judge says. And we'll just go through the case by cases here. There's four different cases. So human could say, let's change the font size here, maybe, which I thought family here. This human says pass. Human says fail. And judge says pass. And judge says fail. All right, so that's four scenarios, right, that can occur for any trace. And let's make this on creates table. And sometimes it's caledra is bewildering to me. Okay. I don't know why that had so many ones. Art. So now I can actually write down. What this is so when the human says pass and the judge says pass, this is what we call a true pass. Then when the human says fail, but the judge says pass, this is what we call a false pass. So hopefully that makes sense to people, right, if human said fail, but judge said pass, the judge falsely said pass. Then here, if the judge says fail, but the human said pass, then this is actually a false fail of false negative. And then if both human and judge said fail, then this is a true negative. And ideally what we want, right, is everything to be in this kind of TP. Okay, goodbye for this. Let's try again. Ideally, everything is in this true positive and this true negative. And ideally, nothing is in the false positive or false negative. So now if we were to convert all of this back to English, the PR equals the true pass divided by the true pass, plus the false negative, right. And this always really trips me up. So I have to like actively think while I'm doing this, you can also find these formulas and Wikipedia. So true negative free. Then is the true negative over true negative plus false pass. Yes. And then I'm going to annotate this in English, which is here. Of the true negative as traces human. Zoom out, but failed. Judge also breed on fail. And then tree pass is other traces, the human pass. Judge also breed on pass. Does this make sense to folks at a high level. Why it's going to take a while. So that's why I'm presenting it really slowly. But the point is here that we don't just care about raw agreement. We care about both this TPR and this TNR, both being very high. And then not you can think about it. I just want to say one thing about this. So it's, you're not going to grok this. If you're new to this, you never seen this before, you're not going to get it immediately. Even when I saw this the first time when I was in machine learning, I, you know , it's helpful to work through some examples. So like, get a spreadsheet out and say like, okay, what if I had 100 examples. Five of them passed. Sorry. Yeah. Like five, they're sorry. Five of them failed . 95 pass. And then you can kind of say, oh, what would that look like here in different scenarios and kind of see. It's also really helpful to compare it with quote agreement. So I put a meme in the chat. You want to absolutely avoid agreement. Everybody see agreement like, Hey, my judge has a 95% agreement. You should just stop everything you're doing and you ask that person like what they're talking about. Because that's, that's a smell that, okay, somebody is not validating their judge. They're just a 95% agreement. It comes up a lot. We can laugh and have the meme, but it happens all the time where someone will say, Hey, like, compute agreement. And you can like show yourself like, Oh, okay. If you only have five failures, like, it's really easy to get to 95% agreement by just like guessing everything is a pass. And then just like play around with some numbers and some scenarios and you will commit yourself like why this TPR and TNR is useful to measure separately, because they're like two different kinds of errors. And you can kind of like sit on it and think about it. And it's only through that that you can like internalize. So I would highly recommend kind of doing that exercise in whatever way you want to. Yeah, I'm going to go through a little bit right now. So the first thing I want to motivate is why is general alignment score wise accuracy accuracy means human said the same thing as judge. And nothing about pass, nothing about fails just dip the human say the same thing as a judge for each trace or not. So why is accuracy bad. Now imagine that I had a scenario where I have only 100 traces, and five of them are human label failures. And what if I had the squirrel judge. If squirrel judge, and the squirrel judge here, this says, you know, says 100% pass all the time. Says pass 100% of the time. This is a very useless judge. What would the accuracy score here be anyone want to say it in the chat. Let's see. 95% correct. And so what ends up happening a lot of times, right, is people just say, Oh, 95% alignment. This is great. This is the great judge, but is the squirrel judge a good judge. Not really right. It's all it said is just past 100% of the time. And so this is why it's very important to actually compute TPR and TNR. And that actually depends on, you know, what the judge said, and just think of it as accuracies in two different camps in the past camp and the fail camp. So let's give some more intuition. No, on, you know, what are the different error types that you could have. So the false FP error type. What does this mean in English? Well, it means that the, like, if we have a false pass, that means the judge did not file find any failure. So if you have a lot of FPs, right, that means your judge is not actually finding the real failures that are in your set. And then the false negative error type. That means the judge is crying wolf a lot. Right. So alert fatigue. Lots of false alarms. And what I end up seeing in practice is often whenever there's a high false negative rate. People stop paying attention to this LLF judge alerts, right, because the judge is just crying wolf for every trace. It's hard to know whether that was truly a failure or not. So some people ask, okay, what's the better metric here? Like, should I try to prioritize minimizing false positives or minimizing false negatives. I think that you should try to minimize false negatives more, because what I see in practice a lot is just people not trusting their LLF judge because it's just firing on everything. It's better to, you know, if you have an LLM judge firing on something, you can accept that. Okay, it's not going to recall the failures out there. But at least for anything that it found, we can trust with the LLM judge. It is very good precision if you're familiar with precision and recall. Any questions on that, Hamel, or any clarification that you kind of want to add to that? No, I think it's good. Like someone asked us false positive or false negative more important. And I think what you said is correct. Also think about the domain. Okay, like, yeah, in certain domains, false positive is going to be, it's going to be a lot more impactful. You know, like, you know, if you think about like maybe criminal sentencing, false positive is way more costly than a false negative. But like maybe, you know, like cancer diagnosis of false negative is a lot more costly than a false positive. It's not the domain right like what you care about, but generally speaking, like what Shraya said, like, it is true. So, but the reason I said, it's good to know like what they mean. And like internalize like, okay, what what is the false positive mean was the false negative mean. Yeah, maybe I can even elaborate on this one like alert fatigue, and then it's like waste human review time. It's a little bit smaller and this little bit dynamic whiteboard be sized. Okay. So to recap, right, what have we done so far? We have said that here are the metrics you need to care about when you're building an LLM judge, you need to care about the true pass rate, you need to care about the true negative, true failure rate. Both of them are very important, try to get both of them very high. Like, I try to get it to be 85% plus. But if you had to pick one over the other, everyone loves to ask, you know, which one is more important, it depends on the domain that's handled so. But here, like, if you were to intuitively think about the trade-offs, right, it's turning off between the judge recalls the failure, or you're wasting human review time because there's more failures found. Now, the last concept that I showed you in the terminal, right, is actually, let me go back to that, which we can revisit this. So where were we? We were seeing that there was a 50% true positive rate, which is really awful. We were seeing that there is, okay, so let's actually put that back in English. 50% true positive rate. What does that mean? That means only 50% of the failures were found from our LLM judge. 68% true negative rate. Okay, so that's like a little bit better. But still, that means like there's 32 % of them are false alarms that waste human review time. And then our agreement score was 62 %, but hopefully everyone's convinced that we don't care about agreement scores. The last thing we want to talk about is what these brackets mean. So kind of raise your hand if you've heard of a confidence interval before, or you know what that is. I'm sure folks have heard of this. So I'm going to give you a very high level intuition for what a confidence interval means. Let me go back to the white board that is probably easier to share this. Trusty white board. All right, so the last bit you want to go into is confidence interval. So first let's motivate what is wrong with our scenario here. Like one thing that we've been doing. Okay, I don't know how to get rid of grit . So one thing we've been doing right is just operating on a small sample. So one issue, compute, we compute, TPR, and TNR on samples. Okay, so just because, right, we were able to say a T PR of TNR of 62%, that is just on this one particular sample of traces that we have done. Obviously there are many more traces that are in our data set. And if you think about in production , right, we're going to have lots more unseen traces that we've not labeled. So if we were to say TNR equals 62%, that might not be reflective of the TNR on the entire data set. So this motivates the question, how can we ensure our estimates, generals? So one way of doing this is via confidence interval. And a confidence interval means you can think of it as a lower bound, an upper bound. And what it is is essentially if we were to repeat this process of sampling 100 traces, 100 different traces, we would do this, you know, millions and millions of times, 95% of these intervals would contain the true estimate of TPR or TNR. Okay, so I know that's a lot to wrap your head around. So I recommend kind of trying to sit with this, think about it, read Wikipedia. There are many different ways that you can construct a confidence interval. That's not the focus of this course. You can check out the skill for how we do it. But the point being is we can't trust this on a sample, the assessment on a sample, and the confidence interval is a way to think, okay, 95% of the time, if I do the sampling and labeling process, my intervals will contain the true estimate. All right, so let me go back to the terminal. And this is where you get deep into stats. You can go very, very deep into stats here, and you can have tighter confidence intervals based on more samples. So if you label more data, you will have smaller confidence intervals, lots of really interesting things. If you use more rigorous statistics, you can also get tighter confidence intervals. But now if we were to interpret what these are, right, all this is saying that I reproduce my process , you know, 100 times, 95 of these intervals would contain the true TPR. And so this is really wide, right? This is 25%, 74%, 6%. That is a huge, same thing here. This is 49%, 82%, also huge. So in practice, right, you're going to want to label more traces. That is the best way to reduce these, or to make these intervals smaller. Well, anything that I'm missing before we get into how we can kind of improve these TPRT and honest, that's maybe one to talk about how people use confidence intervals. Someone wants to know how do you compute the confidence interval? Okay, that's that the math is in the course reader. You can get your agent to calculate it for you. So you don't need to go into that. And, you know, this shouldn't be scary to anyone. It's good that you know what it is. But the idea is like, hey, this is going to, you have a tool to let you know how much noise there is in your judge. And where is, where are the sources of noise? There's several sources of noise. One is like, you didn't label enough examples. So of course, it's going to be super noisy and you don't really, you can't really trust it. That's one. Second is, if you, you know, if you have like a really like low TNR or, you know, too low TBRTNR, like, you know, that, and there's like not that much disagreement between your labels, that can lead to noise as well, depending on the dynamics. And so it just helps you like, look at, hey, this is noise. And like in the worst case scenario, that interval can include zero. Really, really include zero means like you, we don't even know, we don't know anything. Like, that's, you know, just to give you an idea. It's like, hey, like, 95% of times like zero. It's like, okay. It's just like, that's, you know, that 's an extreme case, but that's like a, we can all agree that's an unacceptable, like noise. And like how much noise is, is okay for you? Well, I mean, that's up to your, like, domain. But it just helps you give, like, some idea, relatively speaking of, of like how much noise there might be. It's just another check that you want to do before you move forward. Yes, totally. Based on your me, I think one of my earbuds done. Yeah, yeah, I can't hear you. Okay, great. A couple of other questions came in, which is, you know, how the human have to go through everything the judge is judging, or can we get to a point where we can trust the judge? Now you don't have to go through everything the judge is judging. You have to go through the sample that you labeled for, you know, calibrating or like finding the prompt for this judge. But hopefully once you get to a prompt that has pretty good TPR and TNR and the confidence intervals are low enough for your deployment, right, then you can just run this judge in production on traces. And then you can trust what the judge says for the failure rate. So this whole process is like to get you to a judge that you can just run on lots of data and trust no matter what. All right, so let that camel please interrupt me if there are other like really good questions that come up and we haven't gotten to and we probably should. So now, you know, you can imagine we've have pretty bad TPR and TNR from the V0 of the prompt and doesn't totally expect it. But now we have modern day coding agents and we can just use our coding agent, give it our skill and say, hey, please improve the TPR and TNR. And that is what I've done. I did that three times and my coding agent gave me three different prompts. So let's look at the next prompt. So rather than be zero, give me V1 and it looks exactly the same as before. The side has the same task, maybe has some more, it added an additional pass rule. It added more fail rules and it changed, it's added some more examples. It changed the third example here. So again, this is just pulling from the training set to try to improve the accuracy on the dev set. Again, your coding agent will do this. So it came up with another version of this prompt. And then maybe we can see. I have a question for you. Are you ever paranoid that your coding agent is going to cheat? Oh, good question. Look at the test set and whatnot. Yes, one thing you can do. So I feel like the most recent agents have gotten a little bit better with this. When you tell it like, hey, you're being a data scientist, don't look at the test set. Most of the time I've found that it doesn't look at the test set. You can be extra paranoid or if you use a worse coding agent or one that's more prone to reward hacking, you can just take your test set and hide it from this directory. So the coding agent, maybe it's only limited to this directory that you're working in and then it's not going to see that. So it's really up to you. In practice for me, because I've already labeled the data, I'm always looking at the prompts. That's another thing. So I look at these examples and I know that, okay, if you're in my training set, I'm not worried. But yeah, different for everyone. Great question. Yeah, and you can tell when you read the prompt sometimes, it's kind of obvious that the prompt is trying to overfit to some weird edge case. And that's a smell that like, oh, it's kind of something is weird here. It's trying to like cheat or overfit because you want the prompt to generalize. You know, you want this prompt to be good on all the future data it sees. And so if you see like, yeah, if you see like some weird edge case being called out, right, that doesn't make sense. Right. Just be suspicious. Yeah, 100%. Actually, let me just put the V zero and be one side by side, right? So we can just see what those were. All right. So V one is the newest one. The zero is the first one. So already, right, we can see that the TPR went down quite a bit. And the TNR went up quite a bit. And this is actually trending in the direction that I like personally, because remember, I personally care about at least for a lot of applications I worked on, I want to make sure that TNR is very good. Like, I don't want any false alarms in production. I know that, you know, it's impossible to recall failures and I try to work in domains that, you know, or not life threatening or whatever. We have to learn, I'm not working in self-driving cars. We're working in like shopping assistance or whatever. So in this case, right, I want to make sure that my TNR is very high. So I can trust what my judge said. In this case, you can think about 0.82. What does that mean? Approximately one in five alarms that come from my agent, or sorry, from my LLM judge, approximately one in five of them are bogus. So I think we can do better. I think we can improve on the TNR a bit. So what you want to do is just use your coding agent, right? This is a great case where the coding agent can just hill climb on TNR TPR. So that's what I did. I did this multiple times. What does V2 tell us? V2, it improved TNR even more. That's very nice. And of course, you'll want to also look at the prompts here. Yeah, so here's V2. It got even longer. So that's something that happens all the time. I'll just get longer. Even more pass rules. Did it change these examples? Oh, no, it added another one, as you can see right now. We have four examples in the prompt for the judge. I hope folks are like looking at this and understanding what's happening and also like realizing like, oh, coding agents can be very helpful in emails. I know in previous versions of the chorus rate, we did all of this ourselves. We wrote these prompts. We split it up. We wrote the scripts to try to test these judges. Now, I know the logic. You're going to know the logic, but you're instructing your coding agent to doing this hill climbing and hopefully getting even higher alignment. That is super exciting for me. But the moment that I could do a lot by coding agents to do all this is super happy. So this is, you know, you can see got a little bit more complex. And yes, if one up, I don't know if I have a V3. That would be, oh, yes, I do. Don't have V4? I don't know. No, I don't. Okay, so as you can see, my judge went three times and then, I guess, I gave up on it. But hopefully folks see what's going on here, right? We feel climbed between V2 and V3, right? We actually have not. It seems that we have not changed the performance on the deficit. And if I were in this position, I would probably want to label more traces, right? I probably want to get some more passes and failures so that way I can give some more signal to the coding agent. Like, you can always add more examples to your training set to your dev set. You can go back to UI and error analysis, label things, and then have your agent convert those back into examples here. But basically, you want to go into this process until you feel like, okay, you know, this judge, it's like 90% TNR. I'm pretty happy. I could go put that in production and have and trust any of these alerts that it comes up with. You definitely don't want one big mistake I see people making is like, the TNR is very, very low, but the TPR is very high. That's very common. And then they will go put that judge in production and that judge will basically just be the squirrel judge. It will just say, like, you know, pass all the time. I don't know. It's not very great. Handball. Any thoughts or comments? So far. Okay. Actually, someone has a question. If this was, so you look, Luca is asking, if it's difficult to hill climb, is the word splitting into smaller criteria to judge? Yes, absolutely. So, so when people, people often come to office hours and say, hey, like, I have this judge, I can't quite like get it to do what I want. And so you want to scope your judge, usually fairly small, you want to scope it to one specific error, like one specific axial code is the mental model. And the reason is, is because you want to, if your judges just catch all, if you're like having, you know, all the different kinds of failures and one judge, well, when that judge fails, like, it was not actionable. You're like, okay, the judge failed, like, mmm, what happened? And you have to go dig through it. It's not immediately apparent. So you, yeah, you want. So, and also, if you scope your judge, it's much easier to align, and it's much easier to debug and do this hill climbing. So always try to scope your judge, like lean on the narrower side. Yeah. So this is actually a great example of, like, perhaps, you know, we were just not able to get good enough scores that we trusted here. Like, even this, like, if I ended up 42%, 80%, I wouldn't be that happy. Like, I would want like 70%, my dream is like 70%, 90% for some of these LLM judges. And so I would think, okay, let me try to add more labeled data, see if that improves my TPO or TNR. If that doesn't, then I'm going to split this criteria of uninformative response into the multiple different criteria. And the hope is that, you know, I have an LLM judge that can then operate on these smaller criteria. So maybe for each one of the four of crisis maxims, I can have an LLM judge for that. I don't know, I'm making that up. But you can see here, right? Like iterate on this process. If you get a judge you like, that's great. And if not, try to add more examples , maybe use a more powerful model or, you know, split the criterion into multiple. Bryce is asking, okay, he's saying he's a little bit lost. Are you trying to compare agents results using different prompts? So just to zoom out, what we have is we have label data that has passes and failures. How do we get that data? We did error analysis and we did some annotation already that has passes and failures. And we built an LLM judge. And on the LLM judge, we have this TPR, TNR to know how much aligned it is with those labels. And then what we're doing is having the AI agent hill climb and try to improve the alignment. And that's what we're showing here. That's what version one, two, three here that Shraya is doing is basically, yeah, like, trying and having the agent improve the prompt. Yeah, so like, let me get even try for a V4, right? Because we don't have a V4. So maybe it's like, helpful to just go through that example. Yes, I trust this folder. All right. So I can see here, I need to re-up the to keep my MCP. But anyways, I can see here, right? Maybe I'll ask it, can you improve on the T PR and TNR? This prompt, it has been improving, but like a V4. Use the automated evaluator skill. Oh, no, let's go. I think it'll take some time because at least for me, I've just yeah, found that these things are quite slow. But you can see here, right? Like , it'll look at, you know, what are the different prompts that have happened, the different responses that have happened. And then the whole point is our agent to propose a V4.txt and then run the V4.txt on our traces and then see what the TPR, TNR is there. So there are some questions in the chat around, you know, how do we improve on these judge prompts? Well, you can manually do it yourself or you can ask your agent to improve on it. The point here is like we have a pretty good harness, right? We have a script that computes the TPR, TNR, and we are objectively hill climbing on those metrics. And that is computed against our human labels. Yeah, see, you can see here, like I'll examine them as classified examples more closely, etc. So I won't go into this in greater detail, but it'll take like 10 minutes to come up with this. And we are kind of running out of time. So let me move to back to the slides. I'm going to skip this stuff . I'm going to post these slides so people might have questions of like, okay, really trying to int uit what happens with the false positive, false passes and false failures. You should check out these slides. I'm putting them on Nathan. But for next time, we have homework five. So homework five is all about just picking one failure mode from homework four to evaluate with a judge. So what you're going to do is you're going to split your label choices into training dev and test sets. As we did today, you're going to use the skill to draft your judge, use the skill to review to try to hill climb on the TPR and TNR and by the end report that. And you can do this for as many criteria as you want. You can also skip doing this homework on your data and do your homework on your real, your real product. So you don't have to use car wheel. It's all really optional just for your own practice. And I think that concludes this lesson. I'll see you folks in office hours. And if you didn't get your question answered here, check the Discord. I highly recommend asking questions in Discord. Then you'll get much more in-depth responses. So I encourage you to go there. You can post in week four or you can really post to any channel. Just make sure you tag us when asking questions. And I'll see you in office hours as well.